hello Talia how did you find us I reckon
you didn't need to get yourself arrested
to see me Bruce after that night we
spent in Metropolis you could have just
called I'm not here for you
fish
I love you what's wrong with these
people that crazy woman thinks I can fix
the Joker what's wrong with him
something is being some kind of toxin
it's killing him the doctor doesn't it
know about that don't you ever talk
about my dick without my time to die
nope
anyone ever tell you that you're full up
yeah funny you are they're not big
surprise are you gonna be a good boy and
give up nicely No
ah he's going to die rich he needs
medical attention now I doubt it I'm so
close just give me more time I doubt it
people are dying I doubt it he was your
puppet race why I doubt it
computer activate protocol 11
what I'm doing